{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2  My website design plan.\
C\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
olors for body, header,  link text and background color. \
\
Color for body: black\
Color for header: dark blue\
Color for link text: light blue\
Background color: white.\
\
About me (2paragraphs)\
My name is Alena, I completed 6-month course \'93Web Technology\'94 in 2017th in Menlo Park, California and currently I study Web Design at San Francisco City College. I got some web technology and office skills and you can find examples of my work if you go to Projects section. Hopefully my experience will be helpful.\
Those skills can be used in a lot of areas: medicine, science, for receptionists, property managers, student etc. I like to develop my current skills and learn new skills. \
\
Projects\
Excel skills. Excel skills means working with Excel spreadsheets. Excel spreadsheet consists of rows and columns and is used to arrange, calculate and sort the data. Data in a spreadsheet can be numeric values, text, formulas, references and functions. \
Microsoft Word Skills: created word documents, inserted images, did grammar check and page navigation, text formatting, improved fast typing speed.\
\
PDF skills. PDF is used when you need to save files that cannot be modified but still need to be easily shared and printed. PDF is searchable and accessible file format and also it is secure and signable. \
\
PowerPoint skills. PowerPoint software gives an ability to create project templates, tablets, chart and graphs, effects, animations, it\'92s possible to insert pictures and even YouTube videos. \
\
\
\
Contact Information.\
Email alyonagavrilenko@gmail.com\
https://workdiary.de/ here I like background\
https://www.bukwild.com/ here I like header and footer and don\'92t like big black letters in the middle\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
}